[Music]
uh hi this is the beginning of the
episode that comes out next week it's
doozy we talk about lactating women we
talk we talk about all sorts of things
but what the thing i'm here to talk to
you about is we're selling the baseballs
that are coming out on friday on
store.roosterteeth.com they will sell
out very quickly but i realize we never
talked about them on the show we've only
mentioned it on social media uh if you
want to follow us on social media we
have an instagram account at facepod i
believe in a twitter account with i
think the same name at facepod i also
have youtube you can find that out there
anyway thank you bye baseball previously
on face
[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
the face podcast this is number 99. we
are in season four still year two i
believe
really closing in on that episode 100.
we are
moments away with me as always andrew
panton
and
gavin free how's it going
[__] i i'd say it's going well i'm
still thinking about bovrel because we
just recorded that one i'm sure
everybody else who's listening is
equally haunted by it and it has stuck
with them maybe some have tried it i did
not need to know that [__] existed that
was whoa
i think you'd be surprised
at how
good it is
what like i was surprised it exists i'm
already surprised yeah hard to get more
surprises bad it's not bad
if anything jeff you should you'll
probably like it because the opposite of
the color you hate yeah i guess that's
true that is true that's fair that is
true
uh and
i mean there's a whole bottle industry
right so clearly there's a market for it
the bottle industry
you're not wrong but it's just it's it's
a weird thing i wonder what the annual
above real
industry was worth yeah like what
what are the global barrel sales for
uh i'm gonna google that real fast do
you guys talk i'm gonna google that
[Applause]
global bav roll
sales for 2021
higher or lower than salad cream do you
think gavin oh lower
lower not as popular okay i have no
point of reference for these things so
it's interesting to hear christ
this is what google returned
by 1968 the boverl empire
owned argentinian beef ranches that
totaled the equivalent of half the size
of england production was also moved
from london to its current home in
burton on trent today bovrel is as
popular as ever providing three and a
half million jars to brits every year
so they were just liquefying argentinian
cows is that what you're saying seems to
be the case
they must have like a big bottle grinder
and they just push the cows in and then
out comes the juice
we're above real podcast
oh [__] dude in 2004 bovrel drops the
beef to go vegetarian
they didn't do that i mean wouldn't that
just be mama or vegemite i don't know
let me look into the bottle wikipedia oh
god
uh recipe changes okay here we go
it was promoted as a superfood in the
early 20th century
uh advertisements for bovrel recommended
people dilute it into a tea or spread it
on their morning toast disgusting some
adverts even claim the bottle could
protect one from influenza since its
invention bottles become an icon of
british culture and it is associated
with football culture so you were right
there gavin during the winter bover
football fans and stadiums terraces
drink it as a tea from thermos flasks or
from disposable cups uh in scotland
where thermoses are banned no [__]
thermoses in in scotland uh
no doorknobs in vancouver no services
what's interesting is the prevention of
influenza is also what they said about
butt plugs so really this circles in
multiple ways i thought that was night
blindness
it's everything
the
butt plug is originally cured all right
in 2004 unilever which is
very close to uniform
uh remove the beef ingredients from
bovrel rendering it vegetarian this was
mainly due to concerns about decreasing
sales particularly from exports due to
an export ban on british beef
as a result of that growing popularity
of vegetarianism
religious dietary uh requirements and
public concerns about well about [__]
mad cow disease uh in 2006 unilever
reversed that
[__] excuse me i burped
in 2006 unilever reversed that decision
and introduced or reintroduced beef back
to the bottle formula once sales
increased and the export bans were
lifted unilever now produces bottle
using beef extract and a chicken variety
using chicken extract we should try all
the bottles like what's better the
veggie one or the beef or the chicken
like a cosmic crisp review yeah do you
know who the forest green rovers
football club is gavin no
i don't either there but i assume that
there was british uh in november 2020
they announced a collaboration with the
makers of barrel to create a beat
version b-e-e-t version of barrel to be
sold in the new lawn stadium where
meat-based products had been removed
exclusive you would've thought the mad
cow had a knock-on effect on all the
like yeah i guess makes total sense yeah
i can't give blood here because of that
because you have mad cows yeah they
don't want my filthy british blood in
their banks because of mad cow i can't
give blood anymore because i have too
many tattoos i was told
oh wow
andrew can you give blood i i should
really try it's actually a thing i've
been meaning to look into there's a
rally for it happening in the near
future where i live and i was gonna i
was gonna look into that i've never
tried i don't know why i'd be rejected
although could it be a weird
do you have to have like oh blood like
do you have to in any blood acceptable
well sometimes more valuable than others
but for sure but yeah because i know
all blood is good
i imagine it's like a different i feel
like i've heard when you try to
like going to a sperm bank you have to
hit a lot of requirements
like to get approved for that i feel
like the requirements are very stringent
from what i've heard well how do they
know though before you monk off into a
cup how do they know if you qualify well
i think you have to go through some
things and then i think maybe i don't i
don't know the process of it from my
understanding you need to you need to
essentially have like super
i don't i mean i don't want to further
make this harder to get sponsored a
junior hockey team but it's from what
i've heard you need essentially super
[__] to get approved
from a sperm bank
that's just what i've heard
i don't know how any of that work i
don't know i think i think i think
you're right andrew they're they're they
don't want scrub sperm they want to make
sure it's genetically good that you're
not like predisposed to have like four
million different issues and then also i
think most of those places fill out a
form and they well i think
they
maybe they can get
data from the the sample i don't know
like if maybe it's a doctor's thing but
you need to be clear like you need to
have a really good
medical history and maybe
maybe potency maybe it's sperm count
like i think there are multiple layers
so it's all decided after the after the
specimen yes it's not pre i think you
can do a pre-interview i'm sure there's
like some medicals that you go through
but i think it's post sample
that's what i'm trying to remember i
feel like i heard a story where somebody
like wanted to do that because they'd
get paid for it and then they went
through the whole process that they're
told that they weren't good enough i
think they also have like
like requirements too like you have to
have a college degree and uh
like seriously like they don't want like
the [__] dumbs really yeah yeah
that's interesting yeah but just does my
knowledge get passed down in my sperm
what the hell does that even mean i
don't know it's like a third they want
thoroughbreds only gavin they need to it
needs to be
a high quality
passing down knowledge to my jizz
uh how using donor sperm works donor
evaluation the health and safety of
donors and recipients are paramount to
the donation process donors must be
under 40 free of communicable diseases
and without a family history of genetic
disorder they do a semen analysis to
determine its usability it must be able
to withstand freezing storage and
thawing while remaining viable
before using the sperm it needs to
undergo quarantine in frozen storage for
at least
six months the donor must again test
negative for communicable diseases after
the six-month quarantine period before
the sperm is available for use sperm
bakes offer anonymous information about
donors including interests appetite
aptitudes and physical characteristics
parents can also use a known donor or
someone they know sperm bank donors
remain anonymous throughout the process
however known donors do not
so i'm right i just said it horribly but
i was correct i didn't know any of the
information the specifics
but i was i was in the right direction
um
as i'm trying to think of like
how i mean i already said super [__]
we're already pretty
pretty low low tier as far as sponsoring
junior hockey goes i had i had another
great conversation with my mom recently
oh is there an update there is an update
this isn't this isn't about buttplugs um
this is uh
i talked to my mom about um
lactating lactating women kinks
was the conversation because it was a
subreddit there's a subreddit post
where i live
lactating women cakes yes there's
somebody that they use the milk from
tits i don't i don't know what they do
with it it was a post on the subreddit
and it was somebody who would be like
hey i don't i'm trying to and it wasn't
this person was very serious
i have a lactating woman kink does
anybody know of any ways that i could i
could figure this out type thing how i
could how i could solve this issue so so
what what is solve what like how do i
get access to women who how do i get
access to lactating women was
essentially the post okay
i would say it was very odd it was a
strange it's one of the stranger
posts
i've seen this is verging on like black
market
[__] but it wasn't it wasn't like
negative and that way it was just like
hey are there
services that i could i don't know i
guess i guess your best bet would be to
hang out at the prenatal ward in a
hospital i mean that's what you'd hoped
for yeah what what made me laugh i
should have told this the other way
before previous my
post favorite or or the post i enjoyed
the most that was on subreddit before
was somebody posted this thing saying
every night downtown we have a
get-together
from 7pm until like 10 p.m
come hang out if you want to and it was
just a video of dudes twirling fire
sticks
and like this little gazebo with like
spencer's gifts type lights just shining
around them i was like this is what a
[__] weird thing that'd be to walk
into and then i looked at i clicked the
post and the top comment was
alcohol and 420 friendly like there
would need to be a clarification that
the fire stick twirlers
sponsored gifts like it was one of the
funniest clarifications i've ever seen
like somebody be like oh i hope they'd
be okay with this
so
then i learned that the person that made
that post was the lactating milk guy
because i went into their post history
because i'm like what else is in here if
that's there there has to be some wild
[__] in their post history and i found
that and i was very excited it was the
same guy
so then i thought ah this is a funny
it's a funny thing i was going to tell
my mom about it so it's talking about
the the fire thing and i was like yeah
it said on the the post that they're
alcohol and 420 friendly and my mom had
no idea what 420 was like she had never
heard of 420.
and so then i had to explain what 420
was but my initial thought was she's
gonna have no clue
what a lactating woman kink is if we're
if the 420 is the barrier of entry
then have to explain that so then i
explain that to my mom
and
uh what what's wrong eric eric's having
a breakdown in the chat i can't i can't
believe that lactating woman kink is the
long walk that we just took to
explaining to your mom what 4 20 what
was part of the same thing i thought it
was a funny thing right because i
thought
to go so insane at the beginning to dial
it all the way back to well mom 420
means weed is like no you're right wild
you're totally right
i [__] up i told the story in the
wrong order 100
that's my fault
um well it is your redemption here you
want to start over no no we're good we
could just we move past it but i just it
was more funny to me that i was like i
wonder if she knows what this is
considering she didn't know the butt
plug thing was where my mind was at and
seeing her reaction to it i thought
would be funny she didn't even know what
420 was
so there's a hurdle to clear there she
had no idea she did she was disgusted
equally with the butt plugs as the
lactating woman doesn't understand any
of it
she paused there was like a moment of
processing
and then was like i wonder
i wonder if he likes sugar cookies is
all she said and then we never addressed
it again so i think in her head it's
like a consumption
it's a consumption thing i don't think
she understands what the kink is does
your mom think breast milk tastes like
sugar cookies does breast milk taste
like sugar cookies i think she was
thinking her brain i think went like i
wonder if he would have it in cookies
and then it went to sugar cookie i don't
know i can't explain why her brain went
there but it was a very funny thing of
she was stunned didn't really know what
to say we were both quiet for a minute
and then she just said that and we moved
on
just moved on from it
we just moved on there's no other
that was
there have been some weird it's not the
most awkward
have you seen like a movie with your
parents there's like a
that's an i regret that that was yeah
like that was awkward got a lifetime an
entire lifetime of that experience it
could be what's the worst one you've had
because i feel like i have an awesome
bad one i had one recently not well
recently it was about 10 years ago um i
went home to alabama because my dad died
and so
uh it was like the week my dad died i
was just trying to laugh and so i put on
an episode of it's always sunny in
philadelphia and my mom sat down to
watch it with me and it was the episode
where they faked the death of a small
child to get away from the irs and they
had a i don't remember what it was some
dead animal in a coffin and they flipped
the coffin over and the dead animal fell
out and i just looked at my mom and i
was like this was not the time for this
[__] episode
yeah it was a real mood killer real moon
that's so bad okay your turn well do you
have one gavin uh despite watching
uncomfortable stuff i remember um i
watched titanic as a child
there's that bit where they're shagging
in the car like in the cargo area
it'll come up all sweaty there's like
steam on the windows and i remember when
i was a kid
just asking my parents i was like what
happened why they were wet and uh
my mum was like they went swimming
before this scene
and i was like okay and then it was like
15 years later i watched it again i was
like
wait a second like i didn't i didn't
ever put it together in the meantime
that uh they were just shagging in a car
and they lied to me i just assumed it
might burn in to my brain wrong that
they actually went for a swim i was like
wait there was no pool
my worst one
this is so bad so i i my mom and i would
go to the movies all the time it was
like one of our main bonding things that
we used to do
quite a bit and so we'd see everything
anything that looked good we would go
see
and one of the movies we saw together
was don john and i don't know how
familiar either
of you are with don john it was a joseph
gordon-levitt movie i believe he wrote
and directed it as well
and it's about a guy that is struggling
with a porn addiction and so it's like
obviously it's gonna touch on that
subject matter the opening
the opening to don john is just straight
up pornography
just like snippets and scenes from just
like they pulled from pornhub or
whatever it's like legit horn in it and
so i'm like watching i'm preparing got
the popcorn ready it's like ah there's
probably going to be some awkward sex
stuff in this but and you're with me
and i'm with my mom
yeah like i just it's like we can get
over it's whatever it's a movie it's
none of that whatever we could get
through this and it opens with porn just
straight up porn and it was the most
uncomfortable
movie experience i've ever had there was
like no it was zero story you couldn't
just like get into some parts of it it
was just porn immediately did you write
the intro looking at the screen
000 yard stare forward i'm in a space up
by myself nobody else is in this room it
was terrible it was i wanted to die what
was your mom's reaction i don't know i
couldn't tell you i was looking forward
it was just we never talked about it we
like just talked about the movie as a
whole outside of that but it was very
uncomfortable i like that from
from our conversations i know that there
was no butt plugs in that pawn
or breast milk
it's a good movie but it was like the
most awkward viewing experience i've had
and i never thought that i'd be in a
scenario in like a movie theater just
watching porn
it was a curveball i have another one uh
that i will remember until the day i die
i was in high school and i was this is
when i got really into music when i was
about 14 i discovered punk and i got
like hard into music and it's all i
cared about and i was really into this
band in the 90s and the 80s and 90s
called fishbone because that's the age i
was at and uh they had this really
upbeat positive like happy jingly song
called charlie
and i just liked it so much because it
was just like it's just like a up tempo
kind of song and i wanted to play it for
my mom so one day we were driving
somewhere and i said can i play this
tape for you i really think you'll like
this song and she's like you know i
don't like your music and i'm like yeah
but this one's really happy and upbeat
it's not like it's not like it's not
like bad religion and all that like
angsty [__] i listen to and she's like
yeah i guess put it in and i had been
listening to this album for months
and i had never
paid attention to the lyrics to that oh
my god ever in my life and i heard them
for the first time as my mother heard
them for the first time after i begged
her to let me listen to the song the
song is about having sex with an
overweight prostitute
and
it's the lyrics are like
like
like i love you charlie when you're
tickling my wally
i love that baby when you shake your fat
derriere make me feel good we can watch
the sun rise through your pig thighs
like my god and it's just over and over
and over again about [__] this chick
and my mom just got real quiet and i got
real quiet and i didn't know what to do
so we listened to the entire song and
then i just took the tape out and we
never talked about it again
when your separate ways
yeah
and i thought i am going to have to i
remember i was like 16. i remember
thinking i'm going to have to do a
better job of vetting stuff in the
future
i thought terrible i thought how have i
listened to this song
four thousand times and never heard it
but that was the case
that's
so much even worse you didn't get up and
turn it off why no i was frozen in the
moment yeah like you
there's something about in a car yeah
like there's no subtle way to do that
and to do that is an acknowledgement of
the scenario it's better to
just like act like nothing happened just
barrel through and i also exist
especially at a younger age to make
other people uncomfortable you know i
used to be way worse about it so it was
like in my wheelhouse so i was kind of
like
like i kind of well i was facing myself
right like i had to do it because i'd
started it and i knew it was like maybe
damaging my relationship with my mom but
it was also like this will be a story
someday and turns out it was 40 years 30
years later jesus
there's nothing i'm trying to like
compare all the times that i've thought
like oh this video this youtube video is
funny i'm going to show my friend and
they just don't laugh at it the anxiety
of that and the wanting to die and that
100 times worse being in a car with your
mom just strapped into that how long was
the song
oh i don't know it's like three minutes
okay it's not like two or three minutes
it's not the longest song in the world
or anything but it was it felt long
yeah it was like i had never heard the
song before until that moment and then
everything crystallized and my mom
definitely heard it i watched her face
go like concerned
glanced over at me back at the road and
just watched her body just turn off she
just went cold and like rigid and i was
just like what am i doing and what am i
doing to this lady
[Music]
it's so much worse that you argued for
it you like no i did i had to convince
her yeah because i was like so annoying
about music and she was just like i'm
not going to like it i don't want to
hear your music i i get that you like it
it's not my generation it's not for me
and i'm like no no this one's a good one
it's happy there's like a trombone and
[__] you'll like it you know how much
time passed after that until you spoke
again
i have no idea
probably when we got where we were i
don't know
i just like i just remember looking out
the window a lot
[Laughter]
oh should we hey we talk
i don't know is this okay well i'll talk
about the thing i was going to talk
about
i had a realization from a previous i
saw a comment about this on i guess the
one two episodes ago
i've been saying something wrong my
entire life
and i've always been kind of like
somewhat aware that it could be wrong oh
can i guess yeah go ahead is it wheel
barrel
that's absolutely
yes
so
i i said wheel barrel i've always
thought it was wheelbarrow i had no idea
it was wheelbarrow
the wheelbarrow sounds weird to me i
said wheelbarrow you guys didn't call me
on it in the episode i saw comments
where people brought it up
um
and yeah it's a weird as a weird one and
then i watched this is like a strange
sort of pivot but same type of idea
spoilers i guess for anybody who cares
about dexter they made a new season
of dexter
um
and i realized that i had completely
misremembered how that show ended which
was very odd like that was the only
value of watching the new season
they a lot of the new season is about
the fact that they don't know that he
was a serial killer and in my head
that's how that show ended that
everybody knew oh
yeah like he got caught and then he went
into isolation
and so then to watch a whole series in
which nobody knows that but i thought
everybody did was very strange so i've
been trying to be after the wheelbarrow
wheel barrel i'm trying to think of
things that i i think are true or that i
believe that are just completely wrong
it's been an exercise and i'm hoping to
find more wheelbarrow wheelbarrow
content there there's um a lot of stuff
like that where i don't pick up on it
while we record but then when i listen
back i'm like oh he said wheel barrel
yeah i feel like it sounds better a
wheeled barrel is fun to say it's more
fun than barrow if it was a barrel on
wheels it would make sense i feel like
those exist as a as a wheel i feel like
i've seen that used as a like a half a
barrel
as the
barrow part
the wheel barrel as a concept makes
sense right it's like a barrel you store
stuff in a barrel you put a wheel on it
you wheel it around it's the same thing
as a wheelbarrow i get how you would get
there and they sound close enough that
whenever i hear it i just go in my head
wheelbarrow like it would just
adjust what does your mom say
i have no idea we should find out i will
next time i see her i'll show her a
photo of it i'll say what is this could
have been a genetic thing that she
passed down
her eggs
[Laughter]
hey
should we
i uh i had one of those that gavin fixed
me on i i never knew what the word i had
been misusing the word pent ultimate my
entire life until gavin corrected me 10
years ago in the chima hunter but you
used to get double wrong i was using a
double wrong you were using it in the
wrong context and saying it wrong
yeah you were you you were saying pent
ultimate as though it's like the
ultimate yes but it's not pronounced
pent ultimate it's penultimate and it
means yeah
like one before yeah or
like yeah and i was totally wrong on all
fronts and you fixed me thank you i
appreciate that but to be fair you you
have a lot of you have a lot of good
word knowledge like you you have used i
guess being a journalist you use a lot
of words that i didn't know like i feel
like you will never turn down the
opportunity to use the word assuage
you'll get that in there whatever you
can but i do like that word
the fact that you didn't know
penultimate i just thought
it's clearly a different like an
american thing like no i never corrected
you on it for a while before i realize
oh he is just using it i think i think
where a lot of that comes from is
my entire vocabulary comes from reading
and so when you read and you see a word
you don't know a lot of times you figure
it out via context clues and so
sometimes you pronoun you you learn to
pronounce it wrong because you read it
first or you get the definition slightly
askew
uh from from the actual definition just
because you're you're picking up on the
context clues wrong um i there's
probably a lot of those in my life
actually because there are some things
between
england and the us where
the literal opposite thing
means the same thing so like i i would
use the phrase well i couldn't care less
but people here might say i could care
less which to me means well that's
grammatically the opposite of what i'm
saying like you could care less so why
are you saying that
but it just they use it in the same way
should we talk about uh because it is a
germain which is another good word uh to
this conversation
uh should we talk about like the tour
that gavin and i went on and yeah
absolutely
so about it so last week gavin and i
went on you know for our other day job
the non-face job we're a part of this
gaming group called achievement hunter
which we definitely don't talk about on
this podcast but we had to do a west
coast tour so we played shows in seattle
and we played shows in san francisco and
a show in los angeles and it's like a
three-hour kind of like i don't know
like would you say like a variety show
gav we do like
role play
and
play video games
play wrestling
some comedy just a bunch of nonsense
right just a bunch of different
presentations
and minor league fan jack is the one who
kind of uh spearheads that it's kind of
his creative baby and so he penciled us
in gavin and i in the past have always
uh you know because we're buddies as he
has he described last episode i'm i'm
the best friend i'm his best friend ever
uh which feels really good to hear man
thanks and uh i imagine i
i i imagine that i imagine it would
probably feel good for you to hear that
back
and just knowing how good it felt to me
um and uh
so he penciled us in for like we you
know we have these big 20-minute
15-minute uh productions that we do and
then we have little interstitials while
we clear the stage or change costumes or
whatever and so gavin and i in the past
have always done like a dumb little
five-minute thing uh one time he dared
me to eat a bunch of olives i couldn't
do it uh in the time allotted we used to
throw gummy bears and try to catch them
each other's mouths just dumb [__] then
we played a game of nut bull once nut
ball yeah so i i figured there should be
a face angle for this and by the way
we've met a lot of regulation listeners
uh a lot of comment leavers they were
all wonderful and fantastic people so my
angle was
i went out i i walked around seattle and
i found the store that sold
pre-wrapped gifts and i thought oh
that's cool for like eight bucks i can
buy a gift and it's pre-wrapped i have
no idea what's in it it's a surprise
so i landed on the idea because it was
the week that the episode i think 97 or
96 came out where we uh declared kind of
declared war
on lucas hayden and edward as like the
name of the people who we've never liked
who were named those names and i was
feeling kind of bad about that so what i
did was i went out and i addressed the
audience and i told a little about face
and then i said is there a lucas or a
hayden or an edward in the audience and
one person raised their hand and i was
like come on up to the stage and they
came up and i presented them the gift as
an apology on behalf of face and as a
peace offering and i said here's your
gift we would just like to say edward
we're very sorry we didn't mean to to
bemoan all edwards on earth he should be
his id he really was that he really was
and we're like so we're like so please
accept this uh as a peace offering and
if you could then uh relay that to all
other edwards on earth we would
appreciate that as well let them know
you know put the pitchforks away we're
we're on good terms now and uh we did
that in every city and every time it was
[__] hilarious and every time it was
awesome and the first the first city in
seattle that i think it wasn't edward
the dude we had an edward and a lucas i
don't think we ever had a hayden two
edwards and a lucas uh and uh hayden's
were [__] hiding like the cowards
they are uh
and the edward who came up he had a
russian flex shirt on like so it was
perfect oh yeah oh that's true that's
correct yeah and uh we also did mini
breaks i also found a baseball card shop
that had 80 like 88 89 and 90 tops cards
so i bought a bunch of packs and we
tried to get zimmers on stage but we
didn't i think a live zimmer would have
been phenomenal but a live zone would
have been
but we did get to apologize uh to all
hayden's lucas's and edward in at least
in those three cities and they they all
seemed incredibly gracious and grateful
i gave one of them i gave one of a
koozie because you know i'm always
pushing that koozie love so i bought
like a seattle cousin
we went to the biscoff store and so i
gave away a bunch of biscoffs that i
can't [__] stand those things but
people like him
i think it was san francisco you gave
someone a giant biscoff and some
left-handed scissors and then at the
next show it was like a smaller biscuit
[Laughter]
i had one left yeah i went to there was
a left-handed store in san francisco and
i was like i'm left-handed so i went and
i just bought a bunch of left-handed
[__] and then i get and that's kind of a
backhanded compliment because i was like
if you're left-handed this means a lot
too if you're not then endure the hell
of of my life
[Music]
that was awesome is there anything that
they don't make left-handed that should
oh i don't know
um like i feel like most things you pick
up a
you know like a spatula doesn't need
it's not angled any specific way
typically i gotta say though dude i
agree with you but i they had
left-handed pins at that store i didn't
buy one but i picked one up and i went
let's just [__] stupid all pins are
lit and then i went oh no this is
different and it felt like how's that
good i should have bought it it was like
formed to fit around my left hand
it was i don't know how else described
it and saying it was the best feeling
i've ever felt holding a pen i didn't
buy it for some reason i'm stupid uh i
was just thinking about the bit but uh
yeah i i guess you can make a left hand
in anything huh
that's awesome i just wanted to mention
that we have a left-handed gurpler on
that that's about to say on behalf of
face we've applied we have apologized
officially to those three names
[Applause]
this ad is brought to you by expressvpn
going online without expressvpn is like
using your smartphone without a
protective case most of the time you'll
probably be fine but all it takes is one
accidental drop onto solid concrete to
make you wish you had protected yourself
why does everyone need a vpn every time
you connect to an unencrypted network in
cafes hotels airports etc your online
data is not secured any hacker on the
same network can gain access to and
steal your personal data whether it be
passwords financial details all sorts of
things it doesn't take much technical
knowledge to hack someone just some
cheap hardware is needed a smart 12 year
old could do it your data is valuable
hackers can make up to a thousand
dollars per person selling your personal
info on the dark web now expressvpn has
an encrypted tunnel it creates a secure
encrypted tunnel between your device and
the internet hackers can't steal your
sensitive data it's super secure it take
a hacker with a super computer over a
billion years to get past expressvpn's
encryption it's easy to use fire up the
app and click one button to get
protected it works on all devices
whether it be phones laptops tablets and
more you can stay secure on the go
expressvpn is a great service it's super
easy to use beyond just the security of
it it's great to access other libraries
it's a fantastic product secure your
online data today by visiting
expressvpn.com
face that's e-x-p-r-e-s-s-vpn.com
face and you can get an extra three
months free expressvpn.com
face
the time for spring cleaning is upon us
do more than just dust your cabinets and
organize your closets spring clean your
butthole with hello tushy bidets after
wiping with dry scratchy toilet paper
all winter long our bums could use a
serious refresh put your cleanest booty
forward and start washing with hello
tushy tushy is a fantastic product i
have one it was so easy to install it's
completely changed my bathroom
experience
so stop spreading your business around
your butthole with toilet paper start
washing with hello tushy bidets the
hella tushy bidet attachment washes your
mom with fresh water for a way better
clean than toilet paper simply spray and
pat dry it attaches to your existing
toilet no electrician or plumber needed
installs in less than eight minutes cuts
down your tpus by eighty percent saving
money and paper waste make the restroom
your best room with the complete tushy
system including the tushy bidet
attachment ottoman and toilet brush
helitushi has cleaned over one million
happy bums join them and take care of
your business the cleaner way i
slash we want all of our listeners to
have clean bumps visit hellotushy.com
face to get 10 off plus free shipping
right now
tag us and at hello tushie on social
media so we can celebrate your clean
butt with you that's hellatushy.com
face for 10 off hey if you are a current
or past smoker you have to check out
fume fume is the natural inhaler
designed for a better safer natural way
to quit cigarettes it's a no smoke no
vape and no nicotine replacement for the
hand and mouth habit of smoking fume is
made of 100 canadian maple and uses
cores and fused with plant oils studied
to curb cravings they flavors like
peppermint and cochran with minty notes
to stimulate menthol cigarettes and
other flavors like lemon berry bliss for
a sweeter experience and all other
flavors are 100 natural no harmful
chemicals no artificial flavors and
absolutely no nicotine fume was launched
in calgary canada in an effort to build
a world of positive habits and has since
helped over 50 000 customers around the
world they're on a mission to help one
million people quit smoking by 2025. not
only does fume help with the quitting
process they also have support beyond
quitting with over a dozen cores for
relaxation energy and more quitting is
tough but fume really can't help they've
got thousands of five-star reviews from
smokers who have tried everything else
and this worked another benefit with
fume is if you're somebody who flies a
lot being able to use fume in the air or
in the airport makes a huge difference
for people whether you're a smoker or
ex-smoker who still struggles with
cravings fume is the perfect tool for
you
it's time to create positive habits and
quit naturally with fume and we're here
to make it easier right now if you hit
the brief fume.com face and use promo
code face you're going to save 10 off
your entire order you're going to save
on the cigarettes you aren't buying and
save on your initial purchase of fume
that's a 10 off your entire order when
you head to b-r-e-a-t-h-e-f-u-m-com
face and use code face
should we talk about our gurpler
innovations that we've come up with jeff
yeah that was a big part of the tour for
me too was talking to you uh please take
it away oh has that been developments on
the cup oh there have there have been
some gurpler developments so this is i i
don't know
the extent of which we'll we'll be able
to produce these but jeff wanted a
larger gurpler
if you're gonna have a gurpler there
should be a gurplermax there should be a
gurpler max
and so i was trying to think of like
what would be
the like the most maximum grip what
would be the greatest thing that we
could we could put water into
or whatever and sell as a drinking thing
and the best i came up with was you know
those like roadside barriers that are
like filled with well you see them in
movies like people crash into them yeah
yeah so it's like that should be what
the gurpler maxes i don't know where we
get those i don't know how much they
cost but we should sell those and then
it somehow pivoted into this other idea
of
jack has been a minor league fan for a
long time now
and i'm sure he'd love a super fan
status back that the only way
in the redemption
in the redemption here to give jack his
super super fan status back would be
because he's been running a lot of
marathons and half marathons if we
attach some straps to one of those
and put a hose in so you know like those
camelback things of water like those
small very portable water packs that
like joggers will drink out of while
they're running so they don't have to
stop if we essentially turn one of those
barriers
into one of those and if he can run a
whole race with it starting full then he
gets superficially like 800 pounds
we and we thought we talked about that
we only it only has to be a 5k and he
just has to complete it and it gets
easier the faster he drinks absolutely i
just want to see the reaction of people
around them like all these people have
like camelbacks and you got one guy with
like backpack straps and this giant
[__]
just
monster of a container and he has to
hold he has to hold he can't like put on
a wheel no he has to wear it like a
cable it can't be a wheelbarrow no
because you may have invented the
girlfriend
[Laughter]
i love how much stuff that we want to
sell like and the stuff we've done like
the porta potty and stuff that can
easily be taken from like a construction
site
uniform has some real industrial vibes
uniform likes to go to go to like
apartment complex construction sites and
just say what do you got laying around
we'll take it
we can drink out of that uh so then we
decided if you're gonna have a gerbler
max you've got to have a smaller version
of the gurpler so
and andrew came up with i thought was
brilliant uh the lil girp
lil girp
and it's a baby girler and andrew what
how how does that look it's a thimble
your little girp is a thimble or you can
get a construction sized barrel as the
guppler max and then we just have your
basic kitchen gurpler
maybe you could use the thimble to
decant your uh bothering
thick bobble paste
before you dilute it
dude if we can get jack drinking bottle
out of a big oh go
that sounds awesome
so eric we'll need you to we'll need you
to get with e-comm and get get into
production on those please yeah uh
yeah i think it i
gurpler full of boveril is like making
my stomach turn yeah that is just
imagine
tripping on the finish line spilling
bubble all down the race and he's like
jump over this if you're vegetarian
i'm just imagining him tripping knocking
it over and just the odor and just like
everybody puking around no i'm just like
smells good does it okay in my head
every aspect of it is disgusting
probably smells like like beef
like what do they call it beef like uh
bone marrow
like bone marrow like beef bone marrow
yeah kind of like what you cook with
yeah like uh i would assume
like like beef stock probably oxo cubes
yeah exactly like that
hey i also uh
can i can i show you guys something that
i'm very excited about that so i i
mentioned to you guys a while ago when i
was uh
i did i i got
ecom to buy me the the industrial
uh gold foil stamping machine and so
that we could hand so that we could
number uh cards to make it official for
like break shows and stuff and then i i
got the idea to uh to get a custom stamp
made well that stamp came in
and i did a test and i wanted to show
you guys the test i'm excited i'm very
excited about it i think it looks
amazing that looks so good
that looks incredible
that's not [__] it's not [__] that's the
medium there's a large that's about the
size of the card and a small that's much
smaller i just did the medium one as a
test
isn't that [__] good though doesn't
it look professional as dicks oh my god
it looks
too good for us like it's i am amazing
it's
eric's right he says the gold is stellar
obviously we'll put it on the on the
instagram but i think it looks wait if
you can't see it uh it's an ian looking
up you know standard to ian uh and it's
i don't know half the size of the card
it's the outline uh and it is in gold
it's embossed in gold into the card it's
beautiful i would love you to also get
one made of your first attempt to ian
i don't even remember that do we have
that anymore it's like
probably in this chat i'm just floating
above the head
it's like a triangle nose yeah i'm gonna
throw this in there too just because
when i was pulling this card out to to
stamp it today i noticed this card and i
thought it was the funniest baseball
card i have ever seen and it's not for
anything other than i just want to make
you guys laugh so here's here's the card
i saw today
archie bradley archie bradley is
doing that's a highlight
that is an incredible incredibly high
straight
leg pile
yeah but he's also like turned to the
side so he looks like he's doing like
some sort of vaudevillian dance number
at the same time pretty impressive he
looks like a rag doll that's like a halo
rag doll after a grenade went off that's
what that looks like eric says he's
doing a street fighter kick yeah
yeah
are you aware that we totally messed up
the baseballs
what do you mean
me being jeff just us as a group we blew
it oh how and what what well
listen to this i would guess i probably
hit 50 home runs
and we decided that we would box up a
ball if he swinged or swung and missed
but not if he didn't swing so he either
hit it or he swung and missed and that's
what we're selling so we're only selling
the ones he missed yeah like if he
didn't go for the swing we just put it
back into the rotation to pitch again
hang on hang on
hang on
that is weird if
if jeff swung the bat at the ball that
ball is being sold whether it was
connected with it or not yeah that's it
that's incorrect we i hit every ball
eventually uh the ones that we swung and
missed we we went we
i hit it again
so eric and i explained what we did and
then jeff's explained it in a completely
different way
uh
is that what you think happened jeff
what do you mean
well we had the whole discussion months
before where it was like you know it'll
be a blind box to you you won't know if
you get one that's been hit or if it was
a miss but then yeah we
but what we ended up doing was because
it was going so well as any ball that i
missed we just threw it through the
pitching machine again and i hit it so i
ended up actually connecting with every
ball we sold yeah except we didn't do
that didn't we no no
no
no you swung at it we pulled it off to
the side the only ones that i was
throwing back were the ones that you
didn't swing at oh okay i missed that
but you were you were helping me point
out you're like i swung at that one
yeah okay that's right i guess i got
that wrong in the moment then i was just
hitting balls all day long
we can still do it your way but we just
have to go out and then re-hit basically
the entire compilation i made of you
missing uh not hit
so we could go out and do them all well
the compilation of me missing was well
some of those were foul tips i only
missed maybe 40 balls out of the 250.
you you did not miss a lot a lot of
those like what what you guys saw in the
video of the misses
were
all of the misses but again we like
there are so many more balls in the
other video that you'll see that yeah
are just absolutely crushed and when i
went out and played baseball this last
week we found even more in the woods
yeah he hit way more than he missed we
just thought when we originally talked
about it it'd be funny if
you know in a face way you might be
buying just a piece of [__] that was
completely whiffed but at least you know
at least you knew he swung at it that
makes sense because i got one in the
mail uh
that does not have any kind of
connection on and i went like that's
weird i was pretty sure i hit all those
i got one in the mail but i have
probably
20 in my garage so it's really that was
a real i just kind of threw mine back in
there and went uh this should probably
go to someone else uh i thought that
what you were gonna say about messing up
the baseballs is that um
it it's not really a stamp and jeff just
sort of
filled his name with
paint and then no actual like autograph
was on the ball well i talked about that
last week right yeah so oh speaking of
which we have about a hundred balls left
that we need to figure out what to do
with and somebody on the instagram
reached out to us who is like a
professional paint maker and he said if
we can give him what the the color
gurple is he will mix up
uh a couple gallons of gurple paint and
send it to us and then we can hit the
ball the remaining hundred balls with
gurple that's amazing so i think that's
that's an interesting idea
i think it's a great idea so that's
really great are you okay with what we
did then or do you want to go out and
re-hit the ones that you swung and
missed it well i only missed a few i
only missed like 30 or 40 so i'm fine
with it i think it's funny if they're
not re-hit i think just a small
percentage of people just getting a ball
that has no i think at all creates more
excitement when you when you're buying
something blind and then you yeah i
totally either get screwed or you get a
great little thing some of them actually
got painted even though you missed
because you swung paint on to them i was
so
like dialed in and hot and exhausted and
focused that i i was just hitting what
was in front of me so i probably got
confused at some point out of out of 250
i must have hit 210 probably oh easily
easily
most of them are hit yeah
i like the idea too of anyone who gets a
miss ball
they can see like theoretically they
could see the ball that was missed yeah
it's an easy like they have the footage
of like they can see their ball and play
they definitively know it's one of these
balls yeah if you get a clean ball
you were yeah that's a that's an
excellent point andrew
when we go out and do this again because
we're gonna have to hit more balls we
have to find a different field you hit
jeff i don't know how else it you hit
them too far
you have to go
we have to go to a bigger field
where we can actually go out and like
shag the balls instead of having to like
find them in the woods later
we have to find a bigger field or just
one with a big net at the back
yeah or i guess one with a big net at
the back well like a high fence like
some of them have much higher fences
right yeah i only have i only have two
modes hit gavin's camera or hit home run
i don't know how to do it that's the
only the only two ways i know how to hit
so yeah we'll have to get a different a
different field i guess
uh eric and andrew did a
did a little thing on the youtube this
week
we did
yeah
jeff
no
i was not a fan i like a prank that gets
resolved in the moment
like
you show me the video and we laugh about
it and then i get my redemption four
minutes later when we show the other
video just releasing of a without
explanation a two-minute video of me
striking out with no explanation and for
days without me being able to engage and
explain what's going on
it was frustrating especially
considering that video has like 30 000
views and the youtube video above it
where i do hit the balls has like 7 000
views and all of the comments from
people i got for two days that were like
i [__] knew you sucked i told my wife
you suck she was right she's some
[__] embarrassed for you and i'm like
jesus christ okay we have the other
video going up tomorrow where you look
like a true hero
[Music]
so let's let's go through this series of
events because it is
facing on several levels we all are
apparently the worst communicators that
have ever existed i don't disagree
i originally had the idea
of like oh it'd be funny if we put the
misses out
a day before
it ended up coming out with people who
are sponsors on rooster teeth could
listen to the episode uh so there
there's a portion that could see all of
it but i thought it'd be funny if there
was like one day where the majority of
people would only have that as a point
of context then they would listen to the
episode the next day
and the video would be out the next day
to see all the hits so they'd be wrong
like i in the brief moment i had where i
thought jeff just missed a lot and then
realized that jeff hit essentially
nothing but dingers he hit them too far
as eric was saying
so i suggested this idea to eric and
then eric said that he talked to you
about it gavin to get approval for it
but i guess it wasn't clear it was going
on the youtube like there was no
communication i made this fit i mean
like jeff's saying i'm only capable
i like doing it how jeff likes it i i
can't let people stew for days on a
prank i have to have the instant reveal
otherwise i just get uncomfortable like
i'm just putting total so i i made those
videos just to be
well either just to show you or just to
put in the actual episode and then for
youtube i was going to cut like a whole
you know 10 15 minute video of the whole
day so i didn't know that existed like i
knew you talked about it but i didn't
know that that video existed and i
wouldn't have even suggested what i
suggested if i knew that video existed i
thought we only had those two videos so
i made that suggestion to eric not
knowing that video existed then eric
talked to you about it because eric's
like yeah talk to gavin he's cool with
it like we're gonna we're gonna do it
so then i guess it wasn't clear in your
communication that it was going on the
youtube no i didn't mention youtube i
assumed it was like because they're so
short it'd be on instagram and the way
eric was talking it was like hey we're
just gonna put up the misses i was like
okay cool you know i guess until you get
a reaction of jeff and then you put up
the other one maybe that's what it
sounds like well to be fair too i i
normally uh would have been i was a big
old baby about it uh i'll be honest but
i
it just happened to release on a
legendarily
bad day for me like it was one of those
days where like
you know i would come in and i would be
exhausted and i would talk about how
like arrows [__] the crate at four in
the morning and it was raining and i was
getting duty on emily's brand new dress
and all that stuff it was like that like
that level of [__] happened like eight
times to me that day before i opened up
social media and got attacked and i was
like what the [__] is going on so i was
just in a bad headspace that day and i
was so i wasn't i wasn't feeling the
joke in the moment so totally fair i
just had to take a break for a little
bit because i didn't want to be mean to
you guys i would say that was
condiments mini
yes
yeah but i i shut it down before i
turned into condiments max
no
because i couldn't i wasn't sure
initially
if you were actually up because i i when
i suggested to eric i was like well this
is like obviously a dick move and if
jeff wants to he could like yell at us
on the show about it i wasn't sure the
legitimacy of how annoyed you were and
then it became clear oh this is actually
something that really annoyed you i felt
bad which then extended to me texting
gavin i think i this has been
condimented we cannot
we could maybe add a new word to our
list of condimented a thing where it has
extended into what was a joke into
something more real but between that
event and the uh previously on face i
said jeff yesterday i was like man while
we were on tour this podcast really got
away from us it's like we gotta figure
out what's going on
the
previously on
working as yo you still have your
questions for the previously oh [__] so
we can do that oh yeah just before we
close that up just to put a loop just to
like really summarize how [__] bad we
are communicating i communicated to eric
not knowing that you had a full video
gavin i just was not aware of that fact
eric communicated to you what we're
gonna do with it but you still didn't
understand how it was gonna be used i
then asked eric for the video so we
could maybe do something on social with
it he told me to talk to nick about it i
talked to nick about it
never that never happened i never got
the video it just didn't come through
dude download it from youtube it's up
there right now [__] this entire
youtube this entire team is a complete
mess i was in the airport flying home
from the tour and i was talking to nick
i just proofed the last one and we were
talking about like do we leave those
hits and misses videos in the episode
for the audio one because nick had
originally just trimmed it down
and i thought maybe we can leave it in
and just play the audio from it because
i don't want the audio version to be
like a [__] watered down version of the
video version you kind of want them to
be as equal as possible and nick and i
will go back and forth like talking
seriously about it yeah and then i was
like oh maybe we should put it to the
group so we put it into the
face channel and it devolved into a
conversation about cooking beans in a pc
and we got absolutely no answers oh i
went back to nick i was like well uh
well that serves us right for trump
it was just chaos everything's been
chaos recently and to be clear those
videos are still gonna come out like you
have the baseball video we're still
gonna release your baseball cut
oh oh
yeah absolutely no we're not losing that
con i want to see what that is
i absolutely i don't want to sacrifice
that if that's done we would be
ridiculous to not release that but you
do that that means that with with it in
the episode the individual videos posted
on the youtube plus my super cut of the
entire day
they're gonna be used three times in the
same place yeah that's fine we're idiots
yeah well no it's not it's not ideal but
we're dumb and i want to see is there
footage in the super cut that isn't in
either of the other two cuts loads
that's mostly yes
then yeah then we're putting out the
[__] content part
yeah i guess it's like the full video
and then and then highlights and low
lights
what are we gonna name the full one to
differentiate it from the other [__]
that is out
listen we're gonna have to figure that
out we're gonna have to get better at
this part of it because i only i only
sense more video content in our future
yeah this is we're having this whole
discussion we haven't even broached the
subject there's a bean hole video
there's the audience has been waiting
for that they think we haven't given
them but we haven't given it to them
because we're gavin's editing it trying
to put it together it's that i want to
take my time and make decent videos but
i also want to whip up some quick [__]
each time to show you like if i've just
done the thing that week i want to have
that update so i quickly that's why i
quickly make the digging video or i
quickly make the misses and hits video
just for us to talk about in the episode
we should really upload the digging
video as well we should just make sure
all of these are available
i don't think it matters but you also
still want me to make bean hole full
version
as well absolutely yes right edit eric i
need an editor yeah gavin is uh i'm
gonna
that's a tremendous amount of work for
gavin who is a tremendous editor but
he's also a tremendously busy successful
guy who's i we gotta get him some relief
on that i can't imagine like i was
talking about i felt so bad that after
we ate the beans i was like uh on that
sunday i was like well i'm gonna [__]
go home and relax i'm gonna go relax now
good good day everybody and gavin goes
i'm gonna go home and watch 12 hours of
bean and baseball
and i was like oh yeah his day's just
starting
it's fun though i like it i enjoy it
that's i'm excited i'm i'm genuinely so
excited with the video we're terrible
communicating those may or may not be
available i'm assuming they'll be
available by the time they hear this who
knows you can check our facebook or not
facebook what's that
i don't know why my brain i'm gonna be
completely honest with you on facebook
no no that's the [__] you
talking about this is what happened okay
i told the lactating story backwards
from what i wanted to i like shot the
ball into the sand trap and i've been in
the sand trap the whole show i haven't
been able to get out of the center it
has been a tough time i've taken several
swings i'm just going to trap the trap
that's one of the places we're digging a
bean hole so just yeah
oh and you did reference we i think we
do have a very clever idea to try to
cook beans in a pc we should try to film
that as well
let's see if a pc gets the beads hotter
than my bean hole never got an answer on
how you wanted to handle the videos
but at least we got pc beads
um
questions for the previously on okay uh
i can i i have my first question can i
ask my can i ask my question absolutely
have i ever
met this person
in real life in my life i'm gonna say no
okay that's my question
is it one of the
is it the lawyer guy is it your first
legal team or our legal team
[Music]
no no
eric you get a question no he knows
i already know the answer oh well we're
going to ask then ask a really good
question
nick
nick is typing
nick knows too eric you plop a mouth you
linked it to nick
i don't remember did i tell nick
dad you son of a [__] i don't weird
because i don't remember tell i don't
remember telling nick we're usually so
good at communicating this stuff i
really don't remember telling me about
the previously
who wait when would i tell nick i don't
know
i refuse i refuse to believe this was my
phone okay no no no no
i could be wrong
how will i what hang on hang on this guy
never talks on the podcast and just
unmuted to say i couldn't be wrong
he's gonna have to record a pickup from
something
okay
we're gonna you're gonna message me
directly nick who you think it is
yeah this can't say it this will know
yeah yeah go ahead and uh slack andrew
who you think me right now i think it is
i'll tell you what i i panicked and i
said yes uh
i do not know what it is
i was like i gotta get recorded
what are you talking about you didn't
remember where you heard it but you
don't
know dissolved no i totally i had a
moment of like oh you know what i'm just
saying i know so i don't have to turn on
this mic and do all this stuff
now the lie has gone too far it's gone
is it too deep all right well now you
can give a guess yeah now you gotta ask
your question go ahead oh
is it um
is that the person who wrote the variety
article is it oh my god no he wasn't
there for the last episode
imagine being a fan of this podcast the
last 15 minutes have been
insane
this is a good example of the
communication thing
dude we're falling apart we're full 100
episodes in we're worse than ever
we need to release a supplemental
contact like eric eric does his job
that's just face communicates
[Laughter]
oh man are you guys excited for next
week it's our it's our 100th episode
that's quite a milestone
i'm very are we still in season four
across the house yeah what are we doing
no season four goes for a while we just
started season four okay
yeah
is there a way we can on the website
actually reflect the the seasons
accurately on our show pages
just so it makes no sense to like i can
i can try and see what i can do put the
one episode or like one and a half
episodes or whatever
yeah i'll see what i can do
yeah awesome so so now andrew you have
stuff planned for episode 100 you have
multiple things or just one thing i i
have multiple things that i'm on the
fence about doing so i might have
nothing i either have a lot or nothing
that's fair and gavin you have a story
you want to tell is that all you have
planned for 100 uh yeah i just i just
remembered a story the other day i
realized i'd never told it and i thought
maybe i'll maybe if there's time on
episode 100 i'll tell that one okay
i don't want to build it up too much
it's just a story but i just want to say
so you're what you're saying is this is
the best story you will have ever told
you don't want to
you don't want to build up
yet you'll tease it in the two episodes
leading up i don't want to tease it you
brought it up
oh my god i can't wait for this story uh
i'll be telling you
maybe six out of 10 stories
hey maybe he landed the sand trap with
me i'll show you how not to get out of
it
oh man oh i couldn't tell you were
rolling around the sand trap up the
whole episode oh oh it was pretty hot
he was flailing yeah i was flustered i
picked up on it uh
oh i should say one little piece of
housekeeping uh a little kudos i don't
know if you guys saw it but um
we had another little uh period of
growth the last two episodes have uh
done like have had been boosted uh in
views somehow do we do this in the
episode now we discussed the performance
yeah i'm just saying like the last
couple episodes did really well so we
must be on to something
you say that like it's a weird thing
literally essentially all i hear about
the performance of the show is in the
episode that's the world's time to get
any update ever
yeah well you maybe used some of your
pleasantries time
we uh there was a period i don't know if
we've ever talked about it but there was
a period where we became uh that we
crossed a threshold and became the
number one podcast in the company ah and
that was ridiculous straight back down
again and then we then we dipped and
then we dipped for a little bit but now
we're boo now we're coming back up again
interesting yeah
interesting
so whatever we did to dip we shouldn't
do again and whatever we did to grow we
should all only do that
ah what do we do to dip i have no clue i
don't know i don't know what we did to
grow to be honest with you hmm hmm the
whole thing was whole thing is
perplexing to me
i hope the audience likes beef paste
well this is how we're gonna cement
ourselves with the uk audience right
yes andrew if i send you bother for the
next for episode 100 will you drink it
or
okay i will do whatever you want me to
do with it i think we should make a hot
bottle and you should drink it i think
that's the purest uh can i use my curry
to make it oh maybe
[Laughter]
did i put it in one of my pods i mean
it's a tool tools are meant to be used i
wonder if bother will make like k-cups
and curate things let me look
i feel extremely like that's not likely
with beef
bottle cake
oh [__] dude
gearheads what the [__] is that uh
no it doesn't look like it that's too
bad it does look [__] gross though
beefy oh you can buy it on amazon oh
[__] awesome
ew
why is
god damn dude no offense but some of the
some of the graphic design in the uk is
still in the 1980s you guys have to
modernize post it let me let me look
all right hold on copy image does that
mean that jack when he's doing the next
time on he's going to have to work both
really into two different faces
like that does not look like something
that was designed in the last 20 years
well it probably was a dozen what year
was that but it looks good update your
[__] logo copy image let me do this
one this one's a little better i like
this one better but it still looks old
as [__] it looks like something i would
have bought it looks like the canister i
would have bought in 1984. i mean i've
never seen in that form yeah i've seen
that i've seen it in like the tub i've
not seen it in the
squeeze tube powdered chicken bottle
that's the chicken bottle
beefy above right
is that even
is that the same thing right that's a
competitor i guess
um
what is where does bob what is the name
bovine real what's the real
i have no idea
i'm trying to process do you think they
went in thinking it would be meat and
vegetable extract
or like they just started with meat
extract they're like we need to extract
more
extract
what else are we going to pull from
vegetables
it is 42 dollars to buy
it is 2.68 cents an ounce for bovrel on
amazon good lord
andrew if i ship do you need anything
else because it's shipping like just one
thing above real to canada it's gonna be
a waste do you need a phone what do you
need
[Laughter]
no i'm good okay
you do this is a brick box thing you go
with a few other
other items if you want could we ever
send andrew an iphone someday so that he
can be blue on our text chains and the
[__] images don't come through his
postage stamps
we can just get on whatsapp i guess
i guess so
i don't mind because i don't deal with
that at all that's not an issue for me
honestly it i i don't know how it's
still so bad if you send us if anyone on
that chain sends a video it's literally
like 60 pixels wide yeah it's
unbelievable
that's great it looks fine for me
[Music]
that's a really dumb prop the only issue
i have is for some reason when i text
when i i don't remember if it's either
you jeff or gavin one of you pops out as
a g as a clickable g in my thing
and and it's you look the same your
symbol is the exact same for me so if
i'm texting you both simultaneously it
is
very risky for me to not accidentally
text why don't you just assign a picture
to it
i probably should that would solve that
issue but it's i don't know it's a
little it's kind of fun there's that one
time where i pitched an idea to gavin
thinking i was talking to jeff like it's
yeah then then i asked you and then
you're like sorry i pitched it to the
wrong guy and i was like well you can
pitch it to me now and you're like no
i'll let gavin pitch you i'll give you
the intro gary can finish it
all right we should probably wrap up uh
this was the 99th time
uh we've done this
and uh it just keeps getting dumber so
guess i'll finish that video though yeah
tune in tune in next week when we do it
for the hundredth time it'll be a
hundred times the stupid that you're
used to uh special surprises uh in
episode 100 by andrew patton gavin free
who's gonna tell a six out of ten story
and i'm going to do i'm going to do a
dumb bit at the beginning
uh that hopefully you guys will enjoy
uh
yeah so [__] tell people uh
and and then to make them listen to it
or watch it or however you consume this
and if they say i'm not really into
podcasts grab them by the throat and
tell them they are
[__] knock it off with this i'm not
into podcast [__] just get into podcasts
it's the future and the present
and uh oh yeah and like and like and
subscribe
thank you
hey guys minor league fan jack here with
a look at next week's episode of face
it's episode 100 and you're going to
want to be there for it jeff has a
painful surprise for the team draw me
like one of your french girls andrew
gets question on p location again the
face knob drop is available to play
let's go to vegas in may gavin is in
australia and once again in 100 episodes
andrew still has not eaten the pencil
all that and more on next week's episode
of face